Logcli: automatically batch requests (#2482)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/getting-started/logcli.md

{app="loki", container_name="loki", controller_revision_hash="loki-57c9df47f4", filename="/var/log/pods/loki_loki-0_8ed03ded-bacb-4b13-a6fe-53a445a15887/loki/0.log", instance="loki-0", job="loki/loki", name="loki", namespace="loki", release="loki", statefulset_kubernetes_io_pod_name="loki-0", stream="stderr"}
```

#### Batched Queries

> Starting with Loki 1.6.0, `logcli` will batch log queries to Loki.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Loki 1.6.0, `logcli` batches log queries to Loki.
```

> If you set a `--limit` on a query (default is 30) to a large number, say `--limit=10000`, logcli will automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you set a `--limit` on a query (default is 30) to a large number, say `--limit=10000`, then logcli automatically
```

> send this request to Loki in batches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sends this request to Loki in batches.
```

> The default batch size is `1000`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default batch size is `1000`.
```

> Loki has a server side limit for the maximum lines returned in a query (default is 5000),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Loki has a server-side limit for the maximum lines returned in a query (default is 5000).
```

> Batching allows for making larger requests than the server side limit so long as the `--batch` size is less than the server limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Batching allows you to make larger requests than the server-side limit as long as the `--batch` size is less than the server limit.
```

> Please note that the query metadata is printed for each batch (it is printed on `stderr`), this can be removed with the `--quiet` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that the query metadata is printed for each batch on `stderr`. Set the `--quiet` flag to stop this behavior.
```

                           range.
      --interval=INTERVAL  Query interval, for log queries. Return entries at the specified interval, ignoring those between.
                           **This parameter is experimental, please see Issue 1779**.

>       --batch=1000         Query batch size to use until 'limit' is reached

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --batch=1000         Query batch size to use until 'limit' is reached.
```
